Update the configurations related to the change in default observability extensions (#2170)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/user-guide/observing-ballerina-code.md

import ballerinax/jaeger as _;
```

> Observability is disabled by default at runtime as well and it can be selectively enabled for metrics and tracing by adding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Observability is disabled by default at runtime as well and it can be enabled selectively for metrics and tracing by adding
```

span as metadata.

Ballerina supports [OpenTelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/) standards by default. This means that Ballerina services

> can be traced using OpenTracing implementations like [Jaeger](http://www.jaegertracing.io/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
can be traced using OpenTelemetry implementations like [Jaeger](http://www.jaegertracing.io/).
```

Author: fixed in e3a983e

Configuration Key | Description | Default Value | Possible Values
--- | --- | --- | --- 
ballerina.observe.tracingEnabled | Whether tracing is enabled (true) or disabled (false) | false | true or false
ballerina.observe.tracingProvider | The tracer name, which implements the tracer interface. | choreo | jaeger or the name of the tracer of any custom implementation.

#### Using the Jaeger Client

> Below is the sample configuration options that are available to support Jaeger as the tracer provider in Ballerina.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below are the sample configuration options that are available to support Jaeger as the tracer provider in Ballerina.
```

ballerina.observe. reporterBufferSize | Queue size of the Jaeger client. | 2000 | Any positive integer value.

### Setting Up the External Systems for Tracing

> We could configure Ballerina to support distributed tracing with Jaeger. This section focuses on configuring the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure Ballerina to support distributed tracing with Jaeger. This section focuses on configuring 
```

Jaeger with Docker as a quick installation.

#### Setting Up the Jaeger Server

> There are many possible ways to deploy Jaeger and you can find more information on this [link](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/deployment/). Here we focus on all in one deployment with Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many possible ways to deploy Jaeger. For more information, see [Deployment](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/deployment/). This focuses on an all-in-one deployment with Docker.
```

Author: fixed in 7dd79de
